1) What are the most important sql commands
  DDL COMMANDS:
    *CREATE
    *ALTER
    *DROP
    *TRUNCATE
  
  DML COMMANDS:
    *INSERT
    *UPDATE
    *DELETE
  
  DQL COMMANDS:
    *SELECT
    
  DCL COMMANDS:
    *GRANT
    *REVOKE
    
  TCL COMMANDS:
    *ROLLBACK
    *SAVEPOINT
    *COMMIT

2)What is an Entity,Attribute,Record,operator
  Entity refers to  the person,place,thing about which data can be stored.
  Attribute refers to the colum in a database table in general.
  Record is also called as Tuples which corresponds to a row in the table.
  Operator is uesd to perform certain operations in the query E.g AND , OR, NOT
  
3)Why is it essential to select columns in a resultset instead of doing a select *.What is the use of distinct
    select column is used to reduce the complexity and for faster execution of Query

4)What is the difference between Where and Having
    Where is used to match certain condition
    Having is used to match the condition in Group by result

5)What are the different operators used in Where.difference between And not and OR
    Where uses AND,OR,NOT,assignment operators. AND is used to match all the conditions that where used in Where, OR is used to match one of the given coditions in Where, NOT is used to exclude certain values that are not needed
    
6)what is the difference between Group by and order by when do we use them
  Group by will aggregate recrds by the specified column and allows to perform aggregation functions on non grouped columns
  Order by will alter the order of the result which is returned 

7)What is an aggregate function.Specify the different types of aggregate functions
  Aggregate functions are the one in which values of multiple rows are grouped together to form a single value
  sum
  min
  max
  avg
  count
  
8)What is a constraint.What is a primary key,Foreign key?Why do we use them
  Constriant specifies the condition that is used.
  
  Primary key uniquely identifies a record in a table. It can't be null and with duplicate values.
  
  Foreign key is a column in a table that references column (Primary key) in another (Parent) table.
  
  They are used to create a relationship between two tables.
  
9)What is an index?Why do we use indexing?


10)What is an view.


11)Specify the different type of joins with an example?
