1. What is a fast-forward merge? When do you get a fast-forward merge in git?
	
	Fast forward merge merges the HEAD of the masster with HEAD of the branch when branch commit is ahead of master.
	It occurs when MASTER commit remains behind of branch commit 
	
2. What is a branch and why do you create a branch?
	
	When we need to add extra functionality to the code or need to make some changes in it then we begin to create a branch where we can have exact duplicate of source files of master(default branch) and the master remains being untouched. If the edited code in branch gives us successful result then we merge branch in master.

3. Which of the following commands is used to create a branch in git
	
	a. Git clone newbranch b. git checkout branchname c. Git branch -a branchname d. git checkout -b branchname
	d. git checkout -b branchname

4. Which of the following statements is true.
	
	a. Github is a web-based hosting service for git repositories.
	b. Git is a licensed, centralized version control tool.
	c. Git is an distributed,opensource version control tool
	d. git checkout can be used to create a working copy on your local machine.

	
	Answer: a. Github is a web-based hosting service for git repositories.
			c. Git is an distributed,opensource version control tool
	
5. Demonstrate collaborative functioning in GIT. From each team, one repository is to be used as a remote repo. All team-members must have atleast commit on the repository. 
use Tortoisegit/Gitbash to achieve this.
	
6. What is a merge conflict and when does a merge conflict arise?
	
	Merge conflict arises due to competing line changes in the copies of a same file.
	When two users try to edit the same file and one pushed the edited copy to remote repository and other one is working in the old copy when the second person tries to push the edited copy merge confilct will arise when they edited on same set of lines.

7. What is a  tracking branch in git and how do you set up a tracking branch?
	
	A tracking branch in Git is a local branch that is connected to a remote branch. When you push and pull on that branch, it automatically pushes and pulls to the remote branch that it is connected with.
	
8. You have a cloned copy of a remote git repository on your machine. Due to connectivity issues, your machine is not able to connect to the internet. In absence of connectivity
Will you be able to see the history of changes on the repository?
	
	Yes

9. Which command helps you to view the list of commits made in the git repository? 
	
	git log

10. What is the difference between a fork and a clone in GIT?
	
	Fork creates a copy of repository and we can modify the code without affecting the original code.
	Clone creates a copy of the existing remote repository into local working copy.
